## Version Release v1.0.0 Forge-1.20.1

### Currently, 1.20.1 will stick to Forge however versions of this mod for 1.21+ will be both Fabric & NeoForge!
*This changelog won't cover every little thing as this is the release changelog and,,, that would be a lot, 
so this will just go over important/big features and the basics behind smaller features.*

### Additions
- Added the Monster Pot, this is a special type of cooking pot that must be heated via blocks that emit dungeon flames,
dungeon flames are traditionally found on blocks like spawners or the new Dungeon Stove. When the Monster Pot is ontop
of an active Spawner, the Spawner will spawn enemies more frequently.

- Added the Dungeon Stove, a special type of Stove that can be used to heat Monster Pots, does not spawn mobs which
makes it a safer way of cooking than ontop of Spawners.

- Added a new type of food known as "monster foods", monster foods are foods that have a purple-pinkish rarity,
the status effects monster foods grant are "monsterized" variants of normal effects, more information below.

- Added Cleavers, Cleavers will drop additional items like Knives however they attack much slower, Cleavers can be
charged back and thrown to attack from afar. A great way to obtain Knife drops from harder to reach mobs like Ghasts!

- Added 2 new enchantments for the Cleaver.

- Ricochet (Max Level I // Treasure Enchantment), allows the Cleaver to bounce of any surface it hits and deals
additional after it bounces.

- Serrated Strike (Max Level I // Non-Treasure Enchantment), the cleaver deals less damage but applies a bleeding effect
for +2 seconds to struck entities that will deal damage over time, the damage that is dealt will pierce armor.

- Added Monster Effects, monster effects are variants of normal effects that while active will turn any normal variant of
the corresponding effect into the monster variant. Monster effects keep the idea of the normal effect but flip it around.
Just like Farmer's Delight each effect is assigned to a different type of food. All monster effects will be listed below.

- Burrow Gut (Monsterized Haste // Silverfish Foods), grants the ability to heal hunger points when destroying blocks based on the hardness
of the destroyed block. Causes the user to only be able to eat monster foods. Grants a 5% attack speed boost.

- Decisive (Monsterized Strength // Stick Held Foods), grants a random chance to deal a 1.75x damage multiplier to any attacked entity.

- Exudation (Monsterized Absorption // Rot Foods), all absorption hearts will receive 1.5x additional damage but when an absorption
heart is destroyed it will unleash a blast of death that will damage and knockback nearby non-player and/or tamed entities.

- Pouncing (Monsterized Jump Boost // Spider Foods), grants the ability to climb walls. Grants a 5% speed boost.

- Tenacity (Monsterized Comfort // Bowl Foods), natural regeneration is dependent on how close the user is too starving with being lower
hunger levels causing regeneration to be faster.

- Voracity (Monsterized Nourishment // Plated/Feast Foods), grants the ability to restore hunger from attacking mobs, upon killing an entity
the user will recieve a short movement speed and attack speed boost. Causes the user to only be able to eat monster foods.

- Added Embedded Eggs, when these blocks are placed nearby other sculk blocks they will grow into a Heap of Ancient Eggs,
Ancient Eggs are useful for many sculk food recipes!

- Added Rotbulbs, these are a new wild crop that can be found in caverns and can only grow when not exposed to light.
When a Rotbulb is destroyed a [REDACTED] will [REDACT]... BE CAREFUL NOT TO DISTURB.

### Misc Features
- Added Rancid Reduction, a new item that can be poured on crops to rot them. Rotten potato and tomato crops will drop
Poisonous Potatoes and Rotten Tomatoes respectively and any other crop without any assigned rotten item will drop Gunk,
Gunk is a new resource used in recipes or can be chopped at a cutting board for random items such as straw and bone meal.

- Added Stained Scrap that of which is obtained by destroying spawners, this item can be used to make various new
  decorative blocks that utilize the Spawner block's color pallete.

- Added Wormroots, a new lichen-like block that spawns in caves and can be used to create a new purple woodset, when
  Wormroots are fed monster foods they will attempt to grow to a nearby block.

### Changes
- Stick foods in Farmer's Delight now grant Strength to match the foods in Dungeon's Delight (can be toggled in the configs)

- Spawners now emit green flames particles to be in line with the lore in Dungeon's Delight (can be toggled in the configs)